README.markdown, before:

This is example client for [PDC] that provides somewhat comfortable to view
contacts for components.

[PDC]: https://github.com/release-engineering/product-definition-center


# Usage

Set up your server url in serversetting.json, then enjoy.


# Development

Install `npm` (probably from your package manager).

    $ npm install
    $ npm start 
    # Listening at http://localhost:3000/
    # Open http://localhost:3000/ in browser for testing
    
If you did not install node module globally, you need to add
`node_modules/.bin` to your `PATH`.

# Known issue

If you met error 'Authorization Required', please open the server you configured and check if this connection is untrusted.
If so, please add the exception in your browser.

# Customization

The `serversettings.json` can contain extra field that tweak the look of the
UI. Available keys are:

* `logo`: a URL to an image that will be inserted into the header; it will be
  rendered 20px high
* `customStyle`: a URL to a stylesheet that will be injected into the page and
  can override anything

Relative URLs will be resolved relatively to the location with
`serversettings.json` file.

Additionally, you can add links to related services to the header. Just add
`links` key and set its value to a list of two-item lists. The first element in
the inner list is a URL, the second is a link label.

```json
{
    "links": [
        ["https://google.com", "Google"]
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Remove user configuration from repo
For easier development, user configuration is ignored in repo.

Default settings are kept in template "serversetting.json.dist".

README.markdown, after:

This is example client for [PDC] that provides somewhat comfortable to view
contacts for components.

[PDC]: https://github.com/release-engineering/product-definition-center


# Usage

Set up PDC server and other options in `serversetting.json` (template is
`serversetting.json.dist`), then enjoy.

# Development

Install `npm` (probably from your package manager).

    $ npm install
    $ npm start 
    # Listening at http://localhost:3000/
    # Open http://localhost:3000/ in browser for testing
    
If you did not install node module globally, you need to add
`node_modules/.bin` to your `PATH`.

# Known issue

If you met error 'Authorization Required', please open the server you configured and check if this connection is untrusted.
If so, please add the exception in your browser.

# Customization

The `serversettings.json` can contain extra field that tweak the look of the
UI. Available keys are:

* `logo`: a URL to an image that will be inserted into the header; it will be
  rendered 20px high
* `customStyle`: a URL to a stylesheet that will be injected into the page and
  can override anything

Relative URLs will be resolved relatively to the location with
`serversettings.json` file.

Additionally, you can add links to related services to the header. Just add
`links` key and set its value to a list of two-item lists. The first element in
the inner list is a URL, the second is a link label.

```json
{
    "links": [
        ["https://google.com", "Google"]
    ]
}
```
